This is a spike on cypress and zap proxy 

#### pre
Install "Alert Filter" zap plugin

#### Application under test 
Application under test is zap juice shop application. Steps to run the application in local or in heruko are in juice shop repo. Please dont forget below
1. Update the URL of juice shop in cypress.json
2. In zapconfig > AutomatedContext.context, incRegex is defined to keep only juice shop app in scan scope. Update the incRegex.

I have hosted the app in heroku and removed. Please deploy your instance and use it. Dont use the urls mentioned in the repo. 

#### Zap proxy
Download zap proxy from OWASP and install it. Make yourself familiar with zap by using it manually (setting proxy, installing certificate, recording and running active scan etc)
In  cypress > customscripts > zapclient.js, update 
1. zap api key (currently its dummy value 12345)
2. update the zap local proxy url



##### Install node dependencies
```
npm install
```

##### Running tests
BDD test steps are present in cypress > integration 
stepdefinitions are present in cypress > support > step_definitions

steps:-
1. Run zap proxy
2. update the zap proxy url and api key
3. update the incRegex in zapconfig > AutomatedContext.context
4. udpate baseurl in cypress.json
5. set proxy env variable so that cypress can pick up the proxy url
    ```
    export HTTP_PROXY=http://127.0.0.1:8091
    ```
    make sure port number given for HTTP_PROXY is the port set in zap proxy
6. Run cypress,
    ```
    ./node_modules/.bin/cypress open 
    ```
    or
    ```
    ./node_modules/.bin/cypress run
    ```
7. Scan reports are written to zapreport folder

#### supression list
Add Url + alert ID combination to zapconfig/alertSupressionList.json
ZAP JSON is parsed to a custom HTML report is generated by supressing urls set in zapconfig/alertSupressionList.json
ZAP HTML is also generated without supression. 

Currently supression is at URL level (not regex)


